Reworked installation instructions (#1949)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/installation/windows.rst

Windows
=======

The easiest way of installing Manim and its dependencies is by using a
package manager like `Chocolatey <https://chocolatey.org/>`__ 
or `Scoop <https://scoop.sh>`__. If you are not afraid of editing

> your System's ``PATH``, a manual installation is not too difficult

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your System's ``PATH``, a manual installation is also possible.
```
Like above I'd prefer not to mention absolute measures of difficulty.

> either, though. In fact, if you already have an existing Python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In fact, if you already have an existing Python
```

installation (3.7 or newer), it might be the easiest way to get
everything up and running.

> In case you choose to use one of the package managers, please follow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to use one of the package managers, please follow
```

their installation instructions
(`for Chocolatey <https://chocolatey.org/install#install-step2>`__, 
`for Scoop <https://scoop-docs.now.sh/docs/getting-started/Quick-Start.html>`__)
to make one of them available on your system.

Required Dependencies
---------------------

> Manim requires a recent version of Python (3.7 or above), and ``ffmpeg``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manim requires a recent version of Python (3.7 or above) and ``ffmpeg``
```

in order to work.

Chocolatey
**********

Manim can be installed via Chocolatey simply by running:

.. code-block:: powershell

   choco install manimce

That's it, no further steps required. You can continue with installing
the :ref:`optional dependencies <win-optional-dependencies>` below.

Scoop
*****

While there is no recipe for installing Manim with Scoop directly,

> we can install all requirements by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can install all requirements by running:
```

.. code-block:: powershell

   scoop install python ffmpeg

and then Manim can be installed by running:

.. code-block:: powershell

   python -m pip install manim

> After this, Manim is installed on your system. Continue reading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manim should now be installed on your system. Continue reading
```

the :ref:`optional dependencies <win-optional-dependencies>` section
below.

Manual Installation
*******************

As mentioned above, Manim needs a reasonably recent version of

> Python 3 (3.7 or above), and FFmpeg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python 3 (3.7 or above) and FFmpeg.
```

**Python:** Head over to https://www.python.org, download an installer
for Python 3.7 (or newer), and follow its instructions to get Python
installed on your system.

.. note::

   We have received reports of problems caused by using the version of
   Python that can be installed from the Windows Store. At this point,

>    we recommend to stay away from the Windows Store and rather install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   we recommend staying away from the Windows Store version. Instead,
```

>    Python directly from https://www.python.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   install Python directly from the official website.
```

> **FFmpeg:** In order to install FFmpeg, you can get the source code

Reviewer: I think we should put the "only if you know what you're doing) after the recommended instructions which should be followed by most users.

Author: Done via a5641a2f9a00b072062e7b441c221cd6450fa45d

from https://ffmpeg.org/download.html and compile it yourself (only
recommended if you know exactly what you are doing), or get a
pre-compiled and ready-to-use version from one of the resources

> linked at https://ffmpeg.org/download.html#build-windows, for example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linked at https://ffmpeg.org/download.html#build-windows, such as
```

`the version available here 
<https://www.gyan.dev/ffmpeg/builds/ffmpeg-release-essentials.7z>`__.

> After downloading the pre-compiled archive 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After downloading the pre-compiled archive, 
```

`unzip it <https://www.7-zip.org>`__ and, if you like, move the
extracted directory to some more permanent place (e.g., 
``C:\Program Files\``). Next, edit the ``PATH`` environment variable:
first, visit ``Control Panel`` > ``System`` > ``System settings`` > 
``Environment Variables``, then add the full path to the ``bin``
directory inside of the (moved) ffmpeg directory to the

> ``PATH`` variable, then save your changes and exit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``PATH`` variable. Finally, save your changes and exit.
```

If you now open a new command line prompt (or PowerShell) and
run ``ffmpeg``, the command should be recognized.

> At this point, you have all required dependencies and are able to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, you have all the required dependencies and can now
```

install Manim via

.. code-block:: powershell

   python -m pip install manim

.. _win-optional-dependencies:

Optional Dependencies
---------------------

In order to make use of Manim's interface to LaTeX for, e.g., rendering
equations, LaTeX has to be installed as well. Note that this is an optional

> dependency: if you don't intend to use LaTeX, you don't have to install it.

Reviewer: Disagree as stated above.

For Windows, the recommended LaTeX distribution is 
`MiKTeX <https://miktex.org/download>`__. You can install it by using the
installer from the linked MiKTeX site, or by using the package manager
of your choice (Chocolatey: ``choco install miktex.install``,
Scoop: ``scoop install latex``).

> In case you are concerned about disk space, there are some alternative,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are concerned about disk space, there are some alternative,
```

smaller distributions of LaTeX like 
`TinyTeX <https://yihui.org/tinytex/>`__ (Chocolatey: ``choco install tinytex``,
Scoop: first ``scoop bucket add r-bucket https://github.com/cderv/r-bucket.git``,
then ``scoop install tinytex``). In this case, you will have to manage the

> LaTeX packages installed on your system yourself via ``tlmgr``, we only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LaTeX packages installed on your system yourself via ``tlmgr``. Therefore we only
```

recommend this option if you know what you are doing. The full list
of LaTeX packages which Manim interacts with in some way (a subset might
be sufficient for your particular application) is::

   amsmath babel-english cbfonts-fd cm-super ctex doublestroke dvisvgm everysel
   fontspec frcursive fundus-calligra gnu-freefont jknapltx latex-bin
   mathastext microtype ms physics preview ragged2e relsize rsfs
   setspace standalone tipa wasy wasysym xcolor xetex xkeyval

.. note::

   For Chocolatey there is a dedicated ``manim-latex`` package providing a
   small LaTeX distribution based on TinyTeX which contains these packages;
   if you use Chocolatey you can get it with ``choco install manim-latex``.

Working with Manim
------------------

> At this point, your system should have a working installation of Manim, head

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, you should have a working installation of Manim, head
```
